you
Oh
some of the happiest days when the sun
rays cascade over your back in the most
naturally Placid away you don't have to
ask whether the house a terrain and the
centigrade never strays past 28
fantastically great looking back with
teammates and no and no you don't have
to answer your age you can snack on a
flavor take a basket of cakes but make
sure you got some factor a splash on
your face and the ladies make de Jesus
hashed in a chain or the labs entertain
them with a basketball game and after
win that kid and the match has been
played grab a glass of lemonade relax in
the shade the basket just lays in the
grass is green blazes it back in just
gaze past the plaintiff masturbation
chatter away playful antics and blankets
this isn't it great when you're a
failure in life and all that you vain
Falls gone away from your sights whilst
your top eight makes a plain sailing
through life it's grey when you're
bright but unable to quite make it
through the day without evading the
strife I'll stay awake through the night
Slayer wait for the light brain vacant
despite that the weights and my mind
like maybe my brain may have strayed
from its flight failed to pervade and
faded from the sky and balls a candle
with no flame to ignite it's painful to
write by strangers to type a page for
the line
I'm drained on my pride eyes dry on an a
but a crime time flies on a trail behind
you may say it's my fault maybe you're
right maybe it's myself I seem to spend
my days in a daydream I've been this way
way before the day I was 18 haters say
to me I waste of space to breathe wait
for the train to Leeds with McClain's
and Mackay sir leave please believe me
I'd say I agree let them eat cake I'll
take it and eat it she's even taken a
beat into great deal easier than waking
up each day in a place for the fears and
praying for amnesia for the place for
the tears the pain so severe that it
aches and its ears here in the way the
veneer the real States reveal I've been
patient for years just waiting to hear
someone say that it's okay that I'm safe
cuz they're here but it's blatantly
clear that days nowhere near I hate
attempt rate but I'd be grateful for
either the faith of the believer or to
fade away and disappear
no surprise phone closing my curse and
making my bed cuz no one on earth knows
the pain in my head no one knows of the
hurt the strain or the dread though I'm
over the worst I can't face things ahead
I'm escaping instead I'm leaving this
place you're raising my thread and I'm
cleaning my slate safe now I fled serene
and sad eh there's no waking the dead
when they beam into space I've seen into
space shaking hands with the Stars and
the feelings great when you're landing
on Mars dreamy and weightless in ambient
God only here in the sweetness of
transient hearts with my hand on my
heart I assure you its place or in back
to the start nurs before you existed
before you were born
for you were kissed before you were torn
from the immortal of this still I'm
comatose slowly rise of Rose the Rose
and signs clothes and pipes froze in
time from lowes until them